Feature/dx 638 3ds2 (#518)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-purchase.md

|                  | └➔&nbsp;`payer`                   | `object`     | The `payer` object containing information about the payer relevant for the payment order.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|        ︎︎︎         | └─➔&nbsp;`consumerProfileRef`     | `string`     | The consumer profile reference as obtained through [initiating a consumer session][initiate-consumer-session].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> |                  | └─➔&nbsp;`email`                  | `string`     | The e-mail address of the payer. Will be used to prefill the Checkin as well as on the payer's profile, if not already set. Increases the chance for frictionless flow and is related to [3D Secure 2.0](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#3D-secure-20).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`email`                  | `string`     | The e-mail address of the payer. Will be used to prefill the Checkin as well as on the payer's profile, if not already set. Increases the chance for [frictionless 3-D Secure 2 flow](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#3D-secure-20).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

> |                  | └─➔&nbsp;`msisdn`                 | `string`     | The mobile phone number of the Payer. Will be prefilled on Checkin page and used on the payer's profile, if not already set. The mobile number must have a country code prefix and be 8 to 15 digits in length. The field is related to [3D Secure 2.0](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#3D-secure-20).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`msisdn`                 | `string`     | The mobile phone number of the Payer. Will be prefilled on Checkin page and used on the payer's profile, if not already set. The mobile number must have a country code prefix and be 8 to 15 digits in length. The field is related to [3-D Secure 2.0](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#3D-secure-20).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> |                  | └─➔&nbsp;`workPhoneNumber`        | `string`     | The work phone number of the payer. Optional (increased chance for frictionless flow if set) and is related to [3D Secure 2.0](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#3d-secure-20).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`workPhoneNumber`        | `string`     | The work phone number of the payer. Optional (increased chance for [frictionless 3-D Secure 2 flow](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#3d-secure-20) if set).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> |                  | └─➔&nbsp;`homePhoneNumber`        | `string`     | The home phone number of the payer. Optional (increased chance for frictionless flow if set) and is related to [3D Secure 2.0](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#3d-secure-20).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`homePhoneNumber`        | `string`     | The home phone number of the payer. Optional (increased chance for [frictionless 3-D Secure 2 flow](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#3d-secure-20) if set).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
